hey guys and from HTC one soft water and
if you move on on the news you probably
see that recently sprint signed an
exclusive deal with harman kardon about
getting their audio enhancement software
on exclusively on to their device but
luckily XDA member bad news was able to
get that ported over to any HTC model
then you should know that the verizon
version it needs a specific settings app
to be put it over and then hasn't been
done yet but i will update the guide at
HTC one sock modern when that one gets
released she will get started the first
thing i want to do is download the HK
and they were the link to that one again
and be in the description so be sure to
check that out and after you have that
downloaded to your device you're going
to want to boot into recovery mode so
let's do that just hit the power and
volume down button hold it out for 20
seconds until you see your boot loader
menu and then hit recovery from that all
right after your boot identity wrp you
could go ahead and install the files go
ahead and hit install go to your
downloads folder which would have the
file downloaded go ahead and select it
we're going to swipe to confirm after
the install finishes go ahead and
restart your system there's no need to
wipe the cache or anything all right now
once you devise some stories should
already have the harman kardon settings
annual senza go ahead and open that up
scroll down to audio and you see how
mine doesn't have it that means you
might have to go through the
troubleshooting steps so i'll go ahead
and show you how to do that right now
systems you don't have that HK icon
underneath the boom sound audio we're
gonna have to cut use a file as for in
order to change that so just go ahead
and open up any file as for you have and
then go to the system partition of your
device go down to the system folder hit
customize hit ACC and then open up the
default xml open that up with the es
melt editor and then scroll down until
you see the line that reads support
underscore harman and change the false
value to a true value see if you found
the line is should
like this now so you should I change the
default false to true after you have
that go ahead and save that and reboot
your phone all right after i rebooted
you go ahead and see that i have Harman
Kardon audio available now go ahead and
hit that and you can see that the
clarify has been enabled but live stage
the only enabled when you have a
headphone plug into it now this isn't
the only problem that could come up if
you do have an issue where your audio
isn't playing at all for your speakers
that could possibly fitch all you have
to do is update your firmware file and
that has to be done by connecting your
phone to your computer and starting up
terminal or command prompt depending if
using a Mac or Windows piece ok so to
update the firmware you're going to have
to download it first from the folks
Torah so go ahead and click on that link
there and download it I've rip download
it place it onto your desktop and rename
it a DSP zip so that is easy to find and
put into terminal or command prompt so
after you have your device plugged in
and terminal open go ahead and type in
adb reboot bootloader hit enter give
your device a second to reboot into the
boot loader menu and then after a heist
minute rebooting you're going to put it
into our you-you mode which will be used
to flash that new firmware update the
type in fastboot OEM reboot are you you
hit enter your device should now show a
black screen with a silver HTC logo in
the middle after you see that you go
ahead and flash the file over to type in
fastboot flash the zip desktop / a TSP
zip change that last part to wherever
you download a bit firmer file if you
didn't put it on desktop hit enter give
it about second it will start flashing
over that new update after it has said
successful in terminal command prompt
niall you're all done so just reboot
your phone type in fastboot reboot hit
enter and you should be all set when
your class even starts go ahead and make
sure that you still have that harman
kardon settings enabled and then you can
hear the audio and after that you are
all set be sure to check out the full
tutorial over at HTC one soft water and
be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
have a good one guys